"3M CO"|"MMM"|"3M Company (MMM) is a diversified technology company with a global presence in the following markets: healthcare, industrial, display and graphics, consumer and office, safety, security and protection services, electronics, telecommunications and electrical and transportation. 3M is a global enterprise characterized by substantial intercompany cooperation in research, manufacturing and marketing of products. 3M products are sold through numerous distribution channels. Products are sold directly to users and through numerous wholesalers, retailers, jobbers, distributors and dealers in a wide variety of trades in many countries worldwide. The Company has 197 sales offices worldwide, with 12 in the United States and 185 internationally."
"ALCOA INC"|"AA"|"Alcoa Inc. (AA) is a producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum and alumina. The Company is active in all major aspects of the industry: technology, mining, refining, smelting, fabricating and recycling. Non-aluminum products include precision castings, industrial fasteners, vinyl siding, consumer products, foodservice and flexible packaging products, plastic closures, fiber-optic cables and electrical distribution systems for cars and trucks. Alcoa's products are used worldwide in aircraft, automobiles, commercial transportation, packaging, consumer products, building and construction and industrial applications. The Company's operations consist of six segments: Alumina and Chemicals, Primary Metals, Flat-Rolled Products, Engineered Products, Packaging and Consumer and Other."
"AMERICAN EXPRESS"|"AXP"|"American Express Company (AXP) is primarily engaged in the business of providing travel-related services, financial advisory services and international banking services throughout the world. It has three operating segments: Travel Related Services (TRS), American Express Financial Advisors (AEFA) and American Express Bank (AEB). TRS' products and services include, among others, charge cards, cardmember lending products, travelers' checks, and corporate and consumer travel services. AEFA's services and products include financial planning and advice, investment advisory services and a variety of products, including insurance and annuities, investment certificates and mutual funds. AEB's products and services include providing private, financial institution and corporate banking; personal financial services, and global trading. The Company operates on a global basis, although the principal market for financial advisory services is the United States."
"AT&T Inc."|"T"|"AT&T, Inc. (T) provides telecommunication services in the United States and internationally. It offers various landline telecommunications services, including local, long-distance voice, switched access, data, and messaging services, as well as satellite television services. The company also provides wireless voice and data communications services in the United States. AT&T sells its voice, data, long-distance, outsourcing, managed Web hosting, security services, and network integration services on both retail and wholesale basis to large business and governmental customers, as well as to small- and mid-sized businesses, and residential consumers. Further, it provides advertising, Yellow and White Pages directories, and electronic directory publishing. The company was incorporated in 1983. It was formerly known as SBC Communications, Inc. and changed its name to AT&T, Inc. in 2005. The company is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas."
"BANK OF AMERICA"|"BAC"|"Bank of America Corp. (BAC) is a bank holding company. Through its banking subsidiaries (the Banks) and various non-banking subsidiaries, the Company provides a diversified range of banking and non-banking financial services and products, primarily throughout the Mid-Atlantic (Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia), the Midwest (Illinois, Iowa, Kansas and Missouri), the Southeast (Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee), the Southwest (Arizona, Arkansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas), the Northwest (Oregon and Washington) and the West (California, Idaho and Nevada) regions of the United States and in selected international markets. As part of its operations, the Company regularly evaluates the potential acquisition of, and holds discussions with, various financial institutions and other businesses of a type eligible for financial holding company ownership or control."
"BOEING CO"|"BA"|"The Boeing Company (BA), together with its subsidiaries, is an aerospace company that operates in six principal segments: Commercial Airplanes, Aircraft and Weapon Systems, Network Systems, Support Systems and Launch and Orbital Systems (collectively, Integrated Defense Systems (IDS)) and Boeing Capital Corporation (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes operations principally involve development, production and marketing of commercial jet aircraft and providing related support services, principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. IDS' operations principally involve research, development, production, modification and support of products and related systems, including military aircraft, helicopters and missiles, space systems, missile defense systems, satellites and satellite launching vehicles, rocket engines and information and battle management systems. BCC is primarily engaged in the financing of commercial and private aircraft and commercial equipment."
"CATERPILLAR INC"|"CAT"|"Caterpillar (CAT), Inc. manufactures construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, and industrial gas turbines. It operates in three segments: Machinery, Engines, and Financial Products. Machinery segment engages in the design, manufacture, and marketing of construction, mining, agricultural, and forestry machinery, including track and wheel tractors, track and wheel loaders, pipelayers, motor graders, wheel tractor-scrapers, track and wheel excavators, backhoe loaders, mining shovels, log skidders, log loaders, off-highway trucks, articulated trucks, paving products, telescopic handlers, skid steer loaders, and related parts. It also provides logistics services for other companies. Engines segment designs and manufactures engines for Caterpillar machinery, electric power generation systems; on-highway vehicles and locomotives; marine, petroleum, construction, industrial, agricultural, and other applications; and related parts. Financial Products segment consists of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial), Caterpillar Insurance Holdings, Inc. (Cat Insurance), and their subsidiaries. Cat Financial provides a range of financing alternatives for Caterpillar machinery and engines, solar gas turbines, as well as other equipment and marine vessels. It also extends loans to customers and dealers. Cat Insurance provides various forms of insurance to customers and dealers to help support the purchase and lease of equipment. Caterpillar offers its products worldwide. The company was formed as Caterpillar Tractor Co. in 1925, pursuant to the merger of The Holt Manufacturing Company and the C. L. Best Tractor Co. Caterpillar Tractor Co. changed its name to Caterpillar, Inc. in 1986. The company is headquartered in Peoria, Illinois."
"CHEVRON CORP"|"CVX"|"Chevron Corp. (CVX) Chevron Corporation operates as an energy company worldwide. Its petroleum operations consist of exploring for, developing, and producing crude oil and natural gas; refining crude oil into finished petroleum products; marketing crude oil, natural gas, and various products derived from petroleum; and transporting crude oil, natural gas, and petroleum products by pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment, and rail car. The company, through its joint venture with Chevron Phillips Chemical Co., manufactures petrochemicals and plastics, as well as markets chemicals products, including olefins, polyolefins, aromatics, and specialty products. In addition, Chevron, through its joint venture with Chevron Oronite Company, develops, manufactures, and markets performance additives for fuels and lubricating oils. Further, the company engages in coal mining, power generation, insurance, and real estate activities. As of December 31, 2004, its oil-equivalent reserves comprised 8.2 billion barrels. It also had 21 wholly owned and affiliated refineries and approximately 25,700 retail outlets worldwide, as of the above date. The company was founded in 1879 under the name Pacific Coast Oil Co. and later changed its name to ChevronTexaco Corporation. Further, it changed its name to Chevron Corporation in May 2005. Chevron Corporation is headquartered in San Ramon, California."
"COCA-COLA CO"|"KO"|"The Coca-Cola Company (KO) manufactures, distributes and markets non-alcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups, including fountain syrups, in markets across the world. The Company manufactures and sells non-alcoholic beverages, primarily carbonated soft drinks and a variety of non-carbonated beverages. Coca-Cola also manufactures and distributes juices and juice drinks and certain water products such as Dasani. In addition, the Company has ownership interests in numerous bottling and canning operations. Coca-Cola has five strategic business units: North America, Africa, Asia, Latin America, and Europe, Eurasia and the Middle East. Finished beverage products bearing its trademarks are sold in more than 200 countries worldwide."
"CISCO SYSTEMS"|"CSCO"|"Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO) is engaged in networking for the Internet. Cisco Internet Protocol (IP)-based networking solutions are installed at corporations, public institutions and telecommunication companies, and are found in a growing number of medium-sized commercial enterprises. The Company provides a broad line of solutions for transporting data, voice and video within buildings, across campuses or around the world. Cisco solutions are designed to allow networks, both public and private, to operate with flexibility, security, and performance."
"DISNEY (WALT) CO"|"DIS"|"The Walt Disney Company (DIS) operates as a diversified entertainment company worldwide. The company?s Media Networks segment comprises domestic broadcast television network, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, cable/satellite networks, domestic broadcast radio networks and stations, and the Internet and mobile operations. It operates the ABC Television Network and 10 owned television stations, the ESPN Radio and Radio Disney networks, and 46 owned radio stations. This segment also produces, licenses, and distributes cable and animated television programming; and operates ABC-, ESPN-, ABC Family-, SOAPnet-, and Disney-branded Internet Web site businesses, as well as Club Penguin, an online virtual world for kids. The company?s Parks and Resorts segment owns and operates the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida that includes theme parks; hotels; vacation ownership units; a retail, dining, and entertainment complex; a sports complex; conference centers; campgrounds; golf courses; and water parks. This segment also owns and operates Disneyland Resort in California, Disney Vacation Club, Disney Cruise Line, and ESPN Zone facilities; manages Disneyland Resort Paris and Hong Kong Disneyland Resort; licenses the operations of the Tokyo Disney Resort in Japan; and designs and develops new theme park concepts, attractions, and resort properties. Its Studio Entertainment segment produces and acquires live-action and animated motion pictures, direct-to-video programming, musical recordings, and live stage plays. The company?s Consumer Products segment licenses Disney characters, and visual and literary properties to manufacturers, retailers, show promoters, and publishers; and publishes books and magazines, computer software, and video game products. This segment markets its products through its own and licensed retail stores, and through a Web site. The Walt Disney was founded in 1923 and is based in Burbank, California."
"DU PONT (EI)"|"DD"|"E. I. DuPont de Nemours (DD) is a global company engaged in the field of science and technology in a range of disciplines, including high-performance materials, synthetic fibers, electronics, specialty chemicals, agriculture and biotechnology. The Company operates globally, manufacturing a range of products for distribution and sale to many different markets, including the automotive, textile, construction, agricultural, medical, packaging, electronics and nutrition and health markets. DuPont and its subsidiaries have operations in approximately 75 countries worldwide, and approximately 55% of consolidated net sales are made to customers outside the United States. Subsidiaries and affiliates of DuPont conduct manufacturing, seed production or selling activities, and some are distributors of products manufactured by the Company."
"EXXON MOBIL CORP"|"XOM"|"Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is engaged in the energy and petrochemical business. Through its divisions and affiliated companies, Exxon Mobil operates or markets products in the United States and approximately 200 other countries and territories. The Company's principal business is energy, involving exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural gas, manufacture of petroleum products and transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products. Exxon Mobil is also a manufacturer and marketer of basic petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics and a variety of specialty products. In addition, the Company has interests in electric power generation facilities."
"GENERAL ELECTRIC"|"GE"|"General Electric Company (GE) conducts its businesses through 14 segments: Aircraft Engines, Commercial Finance, Consumer Finance, Consumer Products, Equipment Management, Industrial Products and Systems, Insurance, Medical Systems, NBC, Plastics, Power Systems, Specialty Materials, Transportation Systems and Others. The Company's products include major appliances, lighting products, industrial automation products, medical diagnostic imaging equipment, motors, electrical distribution and control equipment, locomotives, power generation and delivery products, nuclear power support services and fuel assemblies, jet engines, chemicals and engineered materials. GE's services include product services; electrical product supply houses; electrical apparatus installation, engineering, repair and rebuilding services, and computer-related information services."
"HEWLETT-PACKARD"|"HPQ"|"Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) is a technology solutions provider to consumers, businesses and institutions globally. The Company's offerings span IT infrastructure, personal computing and access devices, global services and imaging and printing. Product and service categories include desktops and workstations; notebooks and tablet personal computers (PCs); printing and multifunction; handheld devices; monitors and projectors; fax, copiers and scanners; digital photography; entertainment; storage; servers; supplies and accessories; networking, and software products. As of October 31, 2003, HP organized its operations into six business segments: the Imaging and Printing Group, the Personal Systems Group, the Enterprise Systems Group, HP Services, HP Financial Services and Corporate Investments."
"HOME DEPOT INC"|"HD"|"The Home Depot, Inc. (HD) operates Home Depot stores, which are warehouse-style stores selling building materials, home improvement supplies and lawn and garden products, primarily to do-it-yourselfers. In addition, the Company operates EXPO Design Center stores, which offer products and services primarily related to design and renovation projects; Home Depot Landscape Supply stores, which service landscape professionals and garden enthusiasts with lawn, landscape and garden products, and Home Depot Supply stores serving primarily professional customers. The Company also operates The Home Depot Floor Stores, which offer primarily flooring products and installation services. At the end of the fiscal year ended February 1, 2004 (fiscal 2003), the Company was operating 1,707 stores in total in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The Company's other businesses include The Home Depot Supply, which distributes products and sells installation services primarily to businesses and governments."
"IBM"|"IBM"|"International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) is an information technology (IT) company. Its portfolio of capabilities ranges from services that include business transformation consulting to software, hardware, fundamental research, financing and the component technologies used to build larger systems. These capabilities are combined to provide business insight and solutions in the enterprise computing space. IBM's clients include many different kinds of enterprises, from sole proprietorships to large organizations, governments and companies, representing every major industry and endeavor. Organizationally, the Company's major operations consist of a Global Services segment; three hardware product segments: Systems Group, Personal Systems Group and Technology Group; a Software segment; a Global Financing segment, and an Enterprise Investments segment."
"INTEL CORP"|"INTC"|"Intel Corporation (INTC) designs, develops, manufactures and markets computing and communications products at various levels of integration. It has three product line operating segments: the Intel Architecture business, which is composed of the Desktop Platforms Group, the Mobile Platforms Group and the Enterprise Platforms Group; the Intel Communications Group (ICG), and the Wireless Communications and Computing Group (WCCG). The Intel Architecture operating segment's products include microprocessors and related chipsets and motherboards. ICG's products include wired Ethernet and wireless connectivity products, network processing components and embedded computing products. WCCG's products include flash memory, application processors and cellular baseband chipsets for cellular handsets and hand-held devices. The Company's products are sold directly to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and through retail and industrial distributors, as well as reseller channels throughout the world."
"JOHNSON&JOHNSON"|"JNJ"|"Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is engaged in the manufacture and sale of products related to human health and well-being. Through over 200 operating companies, it conducts business worldwide. The Company's business is divided into three segments: Consumer, Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices and Diagnostics. The Consumer segment manufactures and markets a range of products used in the baby and child care, skin care, oral and wound care and women's healthcare fields, as well as nutritional and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products. The Pharmaceutical segment's principal worldwide franchises are in the antifungal, anti-infective, cardiovascular, contraceptive, dermatology, gastrointestinal, hematology, immunology, neurology, oncology, pain management, psychotropic and urology fields. The Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment includes a range of products used by or under the direction of physicians, nurses, therapists, hospitals, diagnostic laboratories and clinics."
"JP MORGAN CHASE"|"JPM"|"JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) provides financial services worldwide. The company operates in six segments: Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, Treasury and Securities Services (TSS), Asset and Wealth Management (AWM), Retail Financial Services, and Card Services. The Investment Bank segment delivers products and services, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital raising in equity and debt markets, risk management, and market-making in cash securities and derivative instruments in various capital markets to corporations, financial institutions, governments, and institutional investors. In addition, it participates in proprietary investing and trading. The Retail Financial Services segment offers a range of financial products and services that comprise deposits, investments, loans, and insurance to consumers and small businesses; and consumer real estate loan products, automobile loans, and home mortgages, as well as sells and underwrites a range of financial protection products and investment alternatives, including life insurance, annuities, and debt protection products. The Card Services segment issues various credit cards, such as cards issued on behalf of airlines, hotels, universities, retailers, and other financial institutions in the United States. The Commercial Banking segment offers lending, treasury services, investment banking, and asset and wealth management services to corporations, municipalities, financial institutions, and not-for-profit entities. The TSS segment provides transaction, investment, and information services to corporations, issuers, and institutional investors worldwide. The AWM segment offers investment advice and management; trust and estate services; and retirement services for corporations and individuals. JPMorgan Chase was founded in 1823 and is headquartered in New York City."
"KRAFT FOODS INC"|"KFT"|"Kraft Foods Inc. (KFT) is a food and beverage company. The Company's products include Kraft, Nabisco, Oscar Mayer, Post, Maxwell House, Philadelphia, and Jacobs. Kraft sells its products throughout the world."
"MCDONALDS CORP"|"MCD"|"McDonald's Corporation (MCD), with its subsidiaries, primarily operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants in the food service industry. These restaurants serve a varied, yet limited, value-priced menu in more than 100 countries around the world. Its menu includes hamburgers and cheeseburgers, Big Mac, Quarter Pounder with Cheese, Big N' Tasty, Filet-O-Fish, several chicken sandwiches, Chicken McNuggets, French fries, Premium Salads, milk shakes, McFlurry desserts, sundaes and soft serve cones, pies, cookies and soft drinks and other beverages. In addition, the restaurants sell a variety of other products during limited-time promotions. The Company also operates Boston Market and Chipotle Mexican Grill in the United States, and has a minority ownership interest in Pret A Manger. On the year ended December 31, 2003, Mc Donald's sold its Donatos Pizzeria business."
"MERCK & CO"|"MRK"|"Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) is a global research-driven pharmaceutical products company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a range of products to improve human and animal health, directly and through its joint ventures. The Company's products include therapeutic and preventive agents, generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders and animal health supplies. During 2003, products that contributed to the year's sales growth were Singulair for asthma and seasonal allergic rhinitis, Fosamax for osteoporosis, Cozaar/Hyzaar for high blood pressure, Vioxx and Arcoxia for arthritis and pain, Cancidas for infections, Cosopt for glaucoma, Proscar for benign prostate enlargement, and Maxalt for migraines. Merck & Co. sells its products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and managed healthcare providers such as health maintenance organizations and other institutions."
"MICROSOFT CORP"|"MSFT"|"Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) develops, manufactures, licenses and supports a wide range of software products for various computing devices. The Company's software products include scalable operating systems for servers, personal computers (PCs) and intelligent devices; server applications for client/server environments; information worker productivity applications; business solutions applications; software development tools, and mobile and embedded devices. Microsoft provides consulting services and product support services and trains and certifies system integrators and developers. The Company sells the Xbox video game console, along with games and peripherals. Its online businesses include the MSN subscription and the MSN network of Internet products and services. The Company's seven product segments are: Client, Server and Tools, Information Worker, Microsoft Business Solutions, MSN, Mobile and Embedded Devices and Home and Entertainment."
"PFIZER"|"PFE"|"Pfizer Inc. (PFE) is a research-based, global pharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets prescription medicines for humans and animals, as well as consumer healthcare products. Pfizer operates in three business segments. The pharmaceutical segment includes treatments for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, central nervous system disorders, arthritis and pain, infectious and respiratory diseases, urogenital conditions, cancer, eye disease, endocrine disorders and allergies. The consumer healthcare segment includes self medications for oral care, upper respiratory health, tobacco dependence, gastrointestinal health, skin care, eye care and hair growth. The animal health segment includes treatments for diseases in livestock and companion animals. The Company also operates several other businesses, including the manufacture of empty soft-gelatin capsules, contract manufacturing, bulk pharmaceutical chemicals and diagnostics."
"PROCTER & GAMBLE"|"PG"|"The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) manufactures and markets consumer products in various countries throughout the world. The Company's products fall into five business segments: Fabric and Home Care, Baby and Family Care, Beauty Care, Health Care and Snacks and Beverages. The Company's business, represented by the aggregate of its five segments, is essentially homogeneous. In the United States, the Company owns and operates 35 manufacturing facilities and leases and operates two manufacturing facilities. These facilities are located in 21 different states."
"TRAVELERS COS IN"|"TRV"|"The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) provides commercial property casualty insurance and asset management services. The Company underwrites homeowners and auto insurance through independent agents."
"UNITED TECH CORP"|"UTX"|"United Technologies Corporation (UTX) provides high-technology products and services to the building systems and aerospace industries worldwide. Its operations are classified into five principal segments: Otis, Carrier, Chubb, Pratt & Whitney and Flight Systems. Otis is an elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation and service company. Carrier is a manufacturer and distributor of commercial and residential heating, ventilating and air conditioning (HVAC) systems and refrigeration and equipment. Chubb is a global provider of security and fire protection products and services that was acquired by the Company on July 28, 2003. Pratt & Whitney and the Flight Systems segments comprise United's aerospace businesses, and produce and service commercial and government aerospace and defense products. They also serve customers in the industrial markets."
"VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS"|"VZ"|"Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) is a provider of communications services with four operating segments: Domestic Telecom, Domestic Wireless, Information Services and International. Domestic Telecom services principally represent Verizon's telephone operations that provide local telephone services in 29 states and the District of Columbia. Domestic Wireless products and services include wireless voice and data services and equipment sales across the United States. The Information Services segment encompasses the Company's domestic and international publishing businesses, including print SuperPages and electronic SuperPages.com directories, as well as Website creation and other electronic commerce services. This segment has operations principally in North America and Latin America. The International segment has wireline and wireless communications operations and investments primarily in the Americas, as well as investments in Europe."
"WAL-MART STORES"|"WMT"|"Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) operates retail stores in various formats around the world. It organizes its business into three segments: Wal-Mart Stores, SAM'S CLUB and International. The Wal-Mart Stores segment consists of three different retail formats, Discount Stores, Supercenters and Neighborhood Markets, all of which operate in the United States. The SAM'S CLUB segment consists of membership warehouse clubs. As of January 31, 2004, the Company operated 1,478 Discount Stores, 1,471 Supercenters, 538 SAM'S CLUBs and 64 Neighborhood Markets in the United States. The International segment consists of retail operations in eight countries and Puerto Rico. The International segment includes several different formats of retail stores and restaurants, including Discount Stores, Supercenters and SAM'S CLUBs that operate outside the United States. Additionally, the Company owns an unconsolidated 37.8% minority interest in The Seiyu, Ltd., a retailer in Japan."